not too far from our memory is the image of bread the door
had been booed when without their minds
haia - think now
this image of the city
is that it starts to be a bit more expensive
the goal of what is a number
is this company
which offers services so much that delivery
in condominiums and not only
the goalkeeper
very good live a day even we are at the beginning and iarley an option
exactly how this idea came about
I'm a little tired today for a citizen.
I worked in a textile company
antón and aromas what with the novice in the markets
we used the cruise
recycled
and with this work that way I went looking for him
in other European activities to do
but at least three times exactly at times the idea came about through a
my friend
I trained the few dawned a little still still play
it came a time when the world would advance to samsung was to which
price
at 37 minutes later the cold head returned we will realize the ideas remain
behind us
is because I'm fat, that I'm online right now antónio am and Judaism
by software
is to understand that they make a point of being with the couple I ordered from customers the
makes 2-hour recommendations on the ordering procedure for the
baking and then because the orders is not normal rate but the caption and the
server now
you do not have internet do not feel excluded because
an euphoric militant proposed for not sending their guests to the
we found that many were internet is really
hungry people and we arranged session buyer
so much I can announce that they can make a short term contract do not
deconcentrated
therefore golds in multiples and presented at a discount this
so much that here
this pt basic kit warned that it will never happen
in rmsp then
rondônia
and tomorrow will enter is not the same will enter
my friend like bread without intercourse yet sessions doing pose
in the door the members
is the first time the former picker handed over to
house I was very pleased that the maneuvers after the crisis was the
which both
the bread rolls door-to-door know how it is
then we will have to keep this footprint and we have the illusion things
we have the weapons of the buildings are old acquaintances
were left a year for singles delivered today the ones that were released
on each beach back from the get-together and we have it n times during the night
Grêmio knows
it does not have to have much more but it is more real to en 2 and if the mouth turns
that opaque the heart according to
with kinect
is also reading exactly why people have a plot moscon port
against the topics plus three points we will deliver the curriculum but did not have your
vision magazine game
of the 63 thousand points
the singer who does
is in the background a dwelling idea but with the eyes set on the future
so much so that I miss companies that delivering us bakeries do drills
the neighboring buildings continue to exist even talent because in some places
still exercise
but as we have in fact a designer structure the service was included
consistent with the output with which they can make the changes can all be
important at night
and with automated payments spaces are the only meester
It is belief that the crisis of Greece if you would cite
is there at home that the normal issues of business everywhere or even
Are not you going to follow?
currently used in some areas of the port and matosinhos and in the main
goal throw
we go stand-alone view evidence to the mouth
animated in March to tam and lan to the hospital with the spa
- The point is, I need to
stuck
to us we do are dwellings and it competes to us breastfeeding sc is a
service in cati backyard
we can or 38 cents per delivery
and then the paulo efe and due to the price of any bakery I see for example
if you understand that the price of the north and the port
a company wants to do is how to make a
tradition
old by bread val staff to realize the candidate or two he was on
height of the others that appeared films itamar encoding in delays
we have very old bread the scuro it gave space lower by clearer
it gave higher spaces because the very different thing
worries more cure more like the most expensive
is that the palm squad
It's a bit more bratman times with lawyers.
and make six times three years with the creature
knock on your door the priest